Add test for building without support for any DL frameworks (#974)
NVIDIA/TransformerEngine: docs/installation.rst

  pip install git+https://github.com/NVIDIA/TransformerEngine.git@main

> This will automatically detect if any supported deep learning frameworks are installed and build Transformer Engine support for them. To explicitly specify frameworks, set the environment variable `NVTE_FRAMEWORK` to a comma-separated list (e.g. `NVTE_FRAMEWORK=jax,pytorch`) or set `NVTE_FRAMEWORK=none`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will automatically detect if any supported deep learning frameworks are installed and build Transformer Engine support for them. To explicitly specify frameworks, set the environment variable `NVTE_FRAMEWORK` to a comma-separated list (e.g. `NVTE_FRAMEWORK=jax,pytorch`). When`NVTE_FRAMEWORK` is set to `none`, Transformer Engine is built without any DL frameworks support which is for direct usage of our C APIs.
```

Author: ```suggestion
This will automatically detect if any supported deep learning frameworks are installed and build Transformer Engine support for them. To explicitly specify frameworks, set the environment variable `NVTE_FRAMEWORK` to a comma-separated list (e.g. `NVTE_FRAMEWORK=jax,pytorch`). To only build the framework-agnostic C++ API, set `NVTE_FRAMEWORK=none`.
```
